You were tasked with explaining why an organization that is PCI compliant and has
multiple locations with over 1,000
employees and hundreds of servers would benefit from running a SIEM.
Let's see how you did. Here are
several items to consider when making the case to implement a SIEM.
A SIEM is centralized log aggregation repository.
All the logs across the entire organization will be available in one spot.
It will meet your PCI compliance requirements.
Beyond just storing the logs,
the SIEM applies logic that enhances the data,
saving time when researching security and performance events.
The real-time monitoring can alert for potentially malicious events.
You can retain the data for much longer with
the SIEM than are in most networking equipment and servers.